h1. WInstall -- Installation recipees for Microsoft Windows

The goal of this project is to simplify my work of having to setup
Windows installations completely manually. WInstall is a super-small
framework for just writing up a small installation recipe for a
program in a nice DSL and associating it with some metadata. It’s not
really limited to Windows, but on Linux distros, you usually have a
package manager administering your software, and on Mac there’s
Homebrew. Just Windowses, which annoyingly must be set up so often
miss such a facility.

Note that WInstall is not a package manager--once something is
installed, it stays so until the user manually removes it. No update
handling is done either. Just installation.

h2. Usage

  > winstall list
  > winstall install <recipename>

h2. License

WInstall executes program installation recipees on Windows.

Copyright © 2012 Pegasus Alpha

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

h3. Contact

You can contact me at m-guelker@pegasus-alpha.eu.